hello today we will tell you
Pro attack first number to start
attack we need to chain an opponent
rival and fettered by different
technical actions such as
find or false step
besides that we still have to go with
attack lines the very first and easiest
find i'm picturing any bump in any
rival level to chain
him or trick him
i can pull it to the belly area in
head area and after that hit
to the same or in the head or in the live
there is showing in the head can attack
belly with either hand verder my head
I beat live or jerk in the head and beat in
head or jerk in the belly hit in the head
or do if find a move
show showed and beat advance here
the simplest thing you can do sometimes
it is convenient to trick people who
put in an open rack that is
eg
tall people people with game fighting style
prefer to stand many with hand
right hand near the chin and left
lowered hand on what advantage
such a stand again a man who
it is convenient to work from it all the strikes from here
start the same way and it's not clear what
This is a blow that from the bottom that side
that a direct blow of these bottom up and flies
clearly in a straight line and so man
constantly running this hand jerks
trick and incomprehensible where and how we
start attacking they all fight
almost equally what else
open stand advantage
for a tall person if a rival
will start not attacking I always
I can also with the help finta manage
his hold the front arm extended and
longer arm front if
the opponent is taller and for example faster
or at all we are afraid to attack in
open rack
then a false step comes to replace fin tu
closed rack i start doing false
step and as soon as i'm sure that
rival clamped and blocked I can
attack ie order gu
solid as soon as it closed i
I can start my own as well, except that
we are Finnish and make a false move
not bad and go off the line of attack that is
after we made a movie or
a false step is desirable for us to shift to
side left or right you can immediately with
attack and without attack so you can
attack and now i will go away in
punch
first i pull or finch
or make a false step certifies that
that he will not attack and after
of this
running aside and stab it
there can be any blow
side uppercut
or the same straight line and after that i
I develop attack because I want my right hand
hard finch
also effective way to start an attack
after find a lei false step is
such technical action in as angle
precisely or a set of measures to and bias and
and I pull a false step
waiting for the opponent to start chipping
prepare and technical action
as soon as i am sure that man will not
beat me for an appointment or just not ready
fully attack I shift to the left
or right with a clone or dive or
immediately two acted lesson lesson and
I pull on
he shackles dodging attack defend
jerking finch diving attack and defend
also effective means to start
attack is stance change after
Finch slopes right I do falsehood
I'm waiting for a chance when the opponent starts
shackled shying away and changing stance with
blow and continue finchu jerk
make stay shy i leave pi
neo such continue through running
in my case I was always comfortable
melee and for that I tried
quickly shorten one of
ways to start an attack is quick
shortening the distance i do the false
body movement
finch and quickly reduce the distance with
help for burden and closed rack
I yank up the opponent's impact
and to start packing myself I do
step and tightly closed from here
develop so I pull forcing you
forged
I go up a closed rack and develop here
attack
quite a few important nuance if here
is the fact that you have to sit down
it is necessary to close your legs tightly
very tight and let's go we open a little
corpus and for gave to it not
miss we have to sit tight on
legs i mean this is all the work i do
in the quagmire I jerk and walk up crouching
here already starting so i mean
secure a squat for him
georgu didn’t hit the hull waiting for him
sku suited and here attack more
challenging attack development 1
is a blow with care in the direction of jerking
waiting for the opponent to be prepared forged
and hit as if you were going to meet
either the far side or the front arm
jerking and going away with a punch it
can be any up side lateral or uppercut
direct and after that I develop attack
as I want
and so we can summarize
attack using find a false step
closed rack open rack with
using the slope of the narkov steps toward
or strikes aside
subscribe to the channel will be suede
train good luck if i hit left
I avoid right if I hit it right
dodging to the left and so what is needed for
bias inside I provoke an opponent
any blow from the far hand provokes
and wait for his answer